---
layout: post
title: Who is next Ferrari Champion?
---

In the last decades, Formula 1 has younger champions. As years passing away, the age average is decreasing. Drivers had to have the experience to become a champion, but now it is changed. Drivers’ process to the championship title from their F1 debut is shortening. The youngest champion Sebastian Vettel drove two and a half season until his champion season. Today, this is Charles Leclerc’s second season and he already proved that he has everything to become champion. This has some reasons. However, we are not going to inspect these. We will compare Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc.
First of all, Leclerc is at the very beginning of his career. 2019 is his just second season. On the other hand, Sebastian Vettel nearly at the end of his career. So, I can not compare them through statistics but I want to leave the comparison of their F1 debut season.


When I compare Sebastian Vettel and Charles Leclerc, I think Charles’ mental development is more advanced then Sebastian. When Leclerc was 18, his father died. It was just a couple of days before the Azerbaijan GP and he won the Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel is, of course, an excellent driver. His title-winning seasons are unforgettable. He was not just winning the title, but also was dominating. He got very famous records, one of them is the most consecutive race-wins. I think Vettel goes through bad days and of course this does not mean he is not a talented driver. However, if he does not outstrip these days, his career will end in a bad way.
In my opinion, Ferrari has the best driver line-up this season. If they come up with effective upgrades, one of their drivers will win the drivers’ championship and constructors’ as well.
To conclude, in my opinion, if Sebastian Vettel does not win the championship, he will not continue in Ferrari. Also, next champion will be Charles Leclerc as well.
